there is a rapid rise in the demand for
new skills in fact we see that at the
individual levels and we see they said
aggregate levels there's a growing gap
between employment and labor market
prospects of people who are highly
skilled and people at the low end of the
scale spectrum skills determine more and
more how the benefits of economic growth
are shared in societies the success of
companies today depends on nothing more
than on the talent pool which they
recruit 70 percent of productivity gains
have been basically driven by
improvements in the skill base so there
is a dramatically a rising demand for a
better skilled people at the very same
time we also see that in some countries
there are many graduates unemployed on
the street while employers say they
cannot find the people with the skills
they need so there is a emerging
mismatch between the kind of talent that
is being developed and the talent that
is really needed in fact one of the
things that our data show is that some
of the skills that are easiest to teach
and easiest to test are also the kind of
skills that are easiest to digitize
automate and outsource sort of that's a
big challenge for for the education
industry today to think about you know
what are they kind of 21st century
skills that will enable people you know
in the past you could assume as a
teacher you will teach someone for the
lifetime you know what you learn in
school is gonna last for many many years
today there's no longer the case today
we need to educate people for drops that
have not been created to use
technologies that haven't been invented
to solve social and economic problems
that we don't have any idea are going to
arise this is sort of the fundamental
challenge for education and that
requires a very different caliber of
teachers teachers who are not just
reproducing sort of work educating the
reproduction of subject matter content
but will help young people to
extrapolate from what they know to use
and apply their knowledge and novel
situations in a nutshell the world
economy no longer pays you for what you
know Google knows everything
the world economy pays you for what you
can do with what you know and that
requires a very different caliber of
teachers a very different pedagogy /
21st century pedagogy a very different
relationship between teachers and
students technology is part of this
today it's hard to explain why you
should accept the teacher next door if
you can have access to the world's best
knowledge anywhere we're seeing an
unbundling of educational content
educational delivery and accreditation
with people anywhere drawing on the
world's best knowledge at any time we
are seeing government's putting greater
emphasis on evaluating outcomes on
quality assurance on setting standards
and the business sector actually being a
lot more engaged in helping education
systems figure out you know where is
labor madam and evolving what are the
kind of skills that will be there at a
premium
tomorrow the business sector playing a
very important role in as an education
provider engaging actively in the design
and delivery of instructional system
providing educational and learning
opportunities for people in many many
contexts at least we're seeing this in
some countries in others it's still a
big charge